Small changes (#5301)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/plugins.md

By applying code before, after, or around a public method, a plugin extends or modifies that method's behavior.

> The first argument for the before, after, and `around` methods is an object that provides access to all public methods of the observed method's class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument for the `before`, `after`, and `around` methods is an object that provides access to all public methods of the observed method's class.
```

Author: Outdated

Magento runs all before methods ahead of the call to an observed method. These methods must have the same name as the observed method with 'before' as the prefix.

> You can use before methods to change the arguments of an observed method by returning a modified argument. If there is more than one argument, the method should return an array of those arguments. If the method does not change the argument for the observed method, it should return a `null` value.

Reviewer 2: To be consistent with the change in next comment (`_after_ methods`), change to: 
`before methods` to `_before_ methods`

Author: @dshevtsov, it looks like you're suggesting that we italicize the method names instead of using inline code format. Is that right? That's not consistent with the changes on line 291.

Author: I changed all before, after, and around formatting to inline code for consistency.

Reviewer 3: Consistency for inline code format is preferred provided the reference is to the code. In some cases in this topic, it may not be referring to the code, but rather the definition of the method. You'd have to look at the topic holistically to make that kind of decision.

Author: Well, this has been, thanks everyone. I'll revert my changes.

}
```

#### `after` methods

> Magento runs all `after` methods following the completion of the observed method. Magento requires these methods have a return value and they must have the same name as the observed method with 'after' as the prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento runs all `after` methods following the completion of the observed method. Magento requires these methods have a return value and they must have the same name as the observed method with `after` as the prefix.
```

Author: Outdated

}
```

> The after methods have access to all the arguments of their observed methods. When the observed method completes, Magento passes the result and arguments to the next after method that follows. If the observed method does not return a result (`@return void`), then it passes a `null` value to the next after method.

Reviewer 2: Change to:
`_after_ methods`

Reviewer: I disagree with this. I don't know why after is italicized above. There are plenty of instances where before, after, and around are not italicized. I would remove the italics above.

Author: I changed all before, after, and around formatting to inline code for consistency.

Reviewer 3: So, typically one would emphasize a first occurrence for a definition. After that, it should not be emphasized. When it is used as an inline code, that is referring to the method in the code.

```

In the example, the `afterUpdateWebsites` function uses the variable `$websiteIds`, so it declares that variable as an argument. It also declares `$productIds` because it comes before `$websiteIds` in the parameter signature of the observed method. The `after` method did not list `$type` because it did not use it inside the method nor does it come before `$websiteIds`.

{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-warning }
If an argument is optional in the observed method, then the `after` method should also declare it as optional.

#### `around` methods

Magento runs the code in `around` methods before and after their observed methods. Using these methods allow you to override an observed method. `around` methods must have the same name as the observed method with 'around' as the prefix.

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-warning}

> Avoid using `around` method plugins when they are not required because they increase stack traces and affect performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using `around` method plugins when they are not required, because they increase stack traces and affect performance.
```

Author: Outdated

}
```

> When you wrap a method which accepts arguments, your plugin must accept those arguments and you must forward them when you invoke the <code>proceed</code> callable. You must be careful to match the default parameters and type hints of the original signature of the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you wrap a method that accepts arguments, your plugin must accept those arguments, and you must forward them when you invoke the `proceed` callable. You must be careful to match the default parameters and type hints of the original signature of the method.
```

Author: Outdated

> For example, the following code defines a parameter of type <code>SomeType</code>, which is nullable:

Reviewer 2: Replace HTML formatting with Markdown

Author: Done

### Prioritizing plugins

> The `sortOrder` property for plugins determines when to call the `before`, `around`, or `after` methods when more than one plugin is observing the same method.

Reviewer 2: The before and after methods formatting is inconsistent with the changes above.

Author: I changed all `before`, `after`, and `around` formatting to inline code for consistency.

Classes and interfaces that are implementations of or inherit from classes that have plugins will also inherit plugins from the parent class.

> Magento uses plugins defined in the global scope when the system is in a specific area (i.e. frontend, backend, etc). You can extend or override these global plugin configurations with an area's `di.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento uses plugins defined in the global scope when the system is in a specific area (such as frontend or backend). You can extend or override these global plugin configurations with an area's `di.xml` file.
```

Author: Outdated

Author: Actually, I was able to make that one.
